#summary Documentation for plugin usage.
#labels Phase-Deploy,Manual
#sidebar TocMain

= Installation =

 # Extract the fusion plugin zip file into the _pentaho-solutions/system_ path.
 # Extract the fusion samples zip file into the _pentaho-solutions/bi-developers_ path.
 # Set _bi-developers_ folder to visible
  # Edit file index.xml and set `<visible>true</visible>`
 # Change the file _system/pentaho.xml_ to include another entry on the acl-files list: _`<acl-files>...,xfusion</acl-files>`_
 # Open the Pentaho User Console (PUC) and refresh the solution repository.

= Usage =

== Render on PUC ==

To test the samples on the Pentaho User Console all you need to do is:
 # Open Pentaho User Console (PUC)
 # Navigate to the folder _pentaho-solutions/bi-developers/fusion-samples_ and double click on the Fusion Plugin icon.

== Chart Configuration ==

The process of rendering a chart using the Fusion Chant Pentaho Plugin starts with the load of two properties files and the load of request [SupportedParameters parameters].

On the first request, the global properties are loaded, this properties are defined in the _fusionCharts.properties_ file in the plugin's root folder. For each request, if the request has configured the location of a .xFusion file all the properties included in the file are loaded, this properties are called local properties. Finally the properties sent in the request are loaded (instance properties). 

Each chart must have a .cda file with the respective querys.

=== Dashboard Chart ===

When defining a chart in the context of a dashboard you can define the chart parameters in a .xFusion file (local properties) or define them in the metalayer (instance properties). This two ways of defining the chart parameters can be associated to the FusionChartComponent's by setting the _path_ property with the .xFusion file path and by setting the _chartDefinition_ property with the metalayer, respectively. You can see a chart definition [CDFComponent here] and find some examples in the following path _bi-developers/fusion-samples/Dashboards_.

=== Standalone Chart ===

When defining a standalone chart you must create a .xFusion file where the parameters can be configured. You can find some examples in the following path _bi-developers/fusion-samples/Fusion Charts Free_.

== Build Dashboards ==

The plugin can easily be used on a CDF dashboard. To allow a seamless integration with, the plugin ships with a new component called [CDFComponent FusionChartComponent]. This component works the exact same way as the existing chart components. The component can be found on the samples directory: _fusion-samples/Dashboards/FCPluginCDFComponent.js_.

=== How to? ===
Create a CDF dashboard the same way you used to!! Add the new component to show Fusion Charts. A sample dashboard can be found at the samples directory _bi-developers/fusion-samples/Dashboards_.

= Not available =

== Xactions ==

The Fusion Charts plugin is not available to use on Xactions. The chart library relies on the Flash technology and requires a browser to render the objects.