#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

The process of rendering a chart using the Fusion Chant Pentaho Plugin starts with the load of two properties files and the load of request parameters. The parameter are managed by Properties Manager. More information see XP:Supported Parameters .

The Properties Manager  have one Global Properties Manager and two maps of properties. On the first request, the Global Properties Manager loads the global properties (called global properties) in fusionCharts,properties file on root folder of the plugin.
In each request, if the request parameters have the location of an xFusion File the  Properties Manager loads all the properties of that file (called local properties) . Finally are loaded the properties sent in the request (called instance properties).

All properties have an override order:

   1. Global Properties - Are the base properties 
   2. Local Properties  - override Global Properties
   3. Instance Properties - Override Global Properties and Local Properties

After all properties are loaded, it's time to invoke the CDA to get data.

The CDA is used to get data to all types of charts and widgets. Some times the plugin have to execute more than one query depending the type of the chart and all the results are available in a map. After the CDA returned, is created a Fusion Component with chart type. Next, properties and map with all results from CDA is set to the Fusion Component and finally the Fusion Component renders the chart.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages